To create our service tier,
I'm going to start off by minimizing and making sure my server is shut
down and then right‑click on our src, main, java,
com.pluralsight.conference package and say New, Java Class. And inside of
here, I'm going to give it the name service.UserServiceImpl.
And inside of here, we can create our method.
Do public User save and pass in User.
Let's choose the com.pluralsight.conference.model.User. And for now,
we'll return null.
We'll save that. Now if we right‑click and say Refactor and Extract Interface,
we can create the user service interface, and it will be in the
package com.pluralsight.conference.service.
And let's have that also include the save method in our interface. Hit
Refactor. It'll ask us if we want to make sure that that is, in fact, included
and replace any concrete uses of that with the interface,
which we are good.
We also want to annotate this as a service,
and it's the org.springframework.stereotype service annotation.
We'll save that. Now opening up our controller,
we go over to our UserController. And inside of here, we can
now auto wire the UserService inside of here. And in our
postUser method that we have down below,
we can actually call our userService.save and pass in that user.
We have now wired up our service tier to take our object that's
coming from our post and call our save method that's auto wired
in to our ServiceImpl. We're not done yet though. We still need to do the repository on the back end.